26

Invalid node.

Welcome to Blizzard Valley!
You and six children were hiking in the mountains when an
unexpected blizzard blew up.  Find the children and get them all
back to the hiking lodge on the other side of the river.

Thank you for playing Blizzard Valley!

You lose your footing on the ice and slide into the freezing
water below.  It is brutally cold.  By the time you reach the
bank, your fingers are too numb to climb onto the ice near the
shore.  Not long later, the water stops feeling so cold and its
gentle motion rocks you to sleep.  You know all will be well.
Maybe they'll find your body downstream.

You are at a bend on a steep mountain trail running along the
top of a cliff.  The trail leads north and west from here. Icy
cliffs to the east and south lead to a rushing river below.

You are in a warm lodge in the mountains.  The cold wind cannot
reach here, and a merry fire burns in the fireplace.  A blizzard
rages outside the door to the west, but you're out of it now.

You are at the west end of a trail at the top of an icy cliff.
The trail once continued west, but it is now blocked by a huge
snowdrift.  There is impenetrable forest to the north and a
rushing river below you to the south.

You are at a T-junction on a north/south mountain trail.  From
here, a narrower trail leads east.  There is impenetrable forest
to the west and the trial opens up to the north.

You are near some picnic tables close to the top of a cliff.  A
narrow trail leads west and there is a rushing river at the
bottom of icy cliffs to the east and south.  You can see a
steep, icy path leading down the cliff to a frozen stretch of
the river to the east.

You are on a mountain slope, lost in the raging blizzard.
Everything is white.

You are on a massive snowdrift, packed hard by the driving wind.
There is an open area to the west and broken rocks to the east.
To the north and south are impenetrable forest.

You are picking your way among large, irregular rocks.  Gusts of
wind blow the falling snow this way and that.  Much of it ends
up blowing to the west, where it piles onto a massive snowdrift.
There are also gaps between the rocks leading east and south.

You are in an area with smaller rocks.  There is a raw cliff to
the north, but there are gaps between the rocks to the east,
south, and west.

You are clambering along the north shore of a rushing river.
There is a raw cliff to the north and rocks continue to the
east and west.  The lower rocks have been coated with ice by
the spray from the water, so they are very slippery.
Be careful!

You are on the bank of a rushing river, among some large rocks.
There are gaps between the rocks to the north and east, and
open water bordered by ice to the east and south.

You are on the north bank of a rushing river, at the edge of an
area filled with large rocks.  There is a rusty iron footbridge
to the south and an impenetrable forest to the east.  Gaps lead
between the rocks to the north and east.

You are on a rusty iron bridge over a rushing river.  Through
the blowing snow, you can see large rocks on the north bank and
a forest on the south one.  You could also climb down onto the
ice bordering the river to the east and west.

You are on the bank of a rushing river, just inside the edge of
a forest.  There is a rusty iron bridge to the north and a path
leads into the trees to the east.  To the west, the river has
frozen over, forming an ice bridge.

You are at a T-junction on a forest path.  The main path leads
south and west, and a fainter trail leads down to a rushing
river to the north.

You are on a north/south path through the forest.  Stately
lodgepole pines stand like pillars around you.  Little snow
falls here, and the wind is calmer.

You are at an open T-junction, where an east/west path meets
one running north.  Around you, smaller aspen trees grow,
taking advantage of the light.  Nestled on the ground between
them are tiny evergreens.

You are on a forest path.  To the west, a huge tree has blown
down, blocking the path, and swirling snow is blowing in
through the hole in the forest canopy.  The only way to go is
east.

You are on an east/west forest path.  Here, wooden boards have
been laid across a small stream bed.

You are in a flat forest clearing at the bottom of a smooth,
steep hill.  The top of the hill is to the east and paths lead
into the forest to the north and west.

You are at the top of the hill.  There is a smooth slope down
to the west, and impenetrable forest to the north, east, and
south.

You are at the north end of a forest path.  To the east, you
can see a large wooden building with light shining from the
windows.

