62

Invalid node.

Welcome to Ghostwood Manor!
There are rumors of treasure in the old haunted house
but many who venture in never come out again.

Thank you for playing Ghostwood Manor!

Suddenly, the boards beneath you give way.  You tumble downwards
in a shower of splintered wood and land with a painful crunch on
the ground below. 
All around you, you see glowing red eyes peering out of the
dark.  Then hundreds of hungry rats descend on you.
Better luck next game.

You are at the north end of a tree-flanked lane.  To the north
is a wrought iron gate.  A faded sign above the gate says
"GHOSTWOOD MANOR".
Below that, someone has scrawled "Enter at your own risk".

You are at a bend in a gravel road.  From here, the road
continues south and west, and a tree-flanked lane leads north.
There is a pond to the east.
You decide to stop adventuring while you're still alive.

You are in the courtyard of the manor.  The main door to the
north is flanked by dead trees, one of which has dropped a heavy
branch across it.  There are open areas to the east and west,
and a wrought iron gate hangs open to the south.

You are in a misty area of the courtyard to the south of the
manor.  There are open areas to the north, east, and west, and
trees to the south.  The mist grows thicker to the north.

You are just south of the manor wall.  There are dead trees to
the east and west, and an open area to the south.  Above you, a
line of eyeless gargoyles state down at you through the swirling
mist.

You are in an east/west open area in the courtyard.  There are
trees to the north and south, although the ones to the north
appear to be dead.

You are in a grassy area on the north shore of a murky pond.
The open area continues north, east, and west.

You are on the north shore of a pond in a wooded area.  Trees
block the way north and east, but there is a more open area to
the west.  A rickety wooden bridge leads south.

You are a rickety wooden bridge over a murky pond.  The bridge
continues north and south from here.  You can see a crescent moon
reflected in the still water below you.

You are at the center of a narrow, east/west island in a murky
pond.  There is a rickety wooden bridge to the north, murky
water to the south, and a small building to the west.

You are in a pagoda on the west end of a narrow island.  The
only way to go is back east.

You are on a high point at the east end of a narrow island.
Spray flies into the air with each rolling waves that crashes
against the rocky shore.  A rickety wooden bridge leads farther
east from here.

You are just south of the east end of the manor wall.  The top
of the wall is decorated with gargoyles.  There are dead trees
to the west, living trees to the east, and an open area to the
south.  You could also climb through a large broken window to
the north.

You are at the east end of a long room.  There is a dusty four
poster bed at this end of the room and a large broken window to
the south.  The fog grows thicker to the west.
Thick tendrils of fog slither across the floor and wrap around
your legs.

You are at the west end of a very foggy room.  There is a
doorway to the north, and a wood carving on the south wall
showing a pack of eyeless rats devouring a baby in its cradle.
You can feel tendrils of fog sliding moistly across your skin.

You are in a grassy area in the courtyard.  There are trees to
the south and west, and open areas to the north and east.  A
path leads south into the trees.

You are at a bend on a forest path, just north of a wrought iron
fence.  The path continues north and west from here.

You are at a small clearing in a forest, dominated by a flat,
table-sized rock.  A path leads into the forest to the east.

You are just south of the west end of the manor wall.  The top
of the wall is decorated with gargoyles.  There are dead trees
to the east and open areas to the south and west.

You are in an open area to the north of an impenetrable forest.
A wrought iron fence blocks the way west from here, and you can
see an old manor to the northeast.  The open area continues
north and east from here.

You are in a north/south open area between an old manor to the
east and a wrought iron fence to the west.

You are at the north end of an open area.  There is a large,
broken window leading into an old manor to the east, a wrought
iron fence to the west, and a cave leading into a short cliff to
the north.

You are in the entrance to a cave.  There is grass outside to
the south, and the cave slopes downward towards the north.

You are at the north end of a tall, narrow cave.  Sleeping bats
hang down all over the ceiling, and piles of guano cover the
floor.  The way out slopes upwards to the north.

You are in a small, barren room.  Piles of drifted leaves have
blown in from a large broken window to the west.  You can see a
dim glow -- as if from a candle -- shining under a door to the
east.

You are at a corner in a dark hallway.  The hallway stretches
away to the north and east, and there are doors in the south and
west walls.

You are in a north/south hallway.

You are at a corner in a hallway.  The hallway continues east
and south from here, and there is a door in the west wall.  On
the north wall, there is a message that starts "Keep you ey-"
before trailing off into a scrawled line.

You are in a dining room.  A meal is set at a table, but the
food has all rotted away and everything is covered in dust.
There is a door in the east wall and an archway leading north.

You are in a kitchen.  There is a small door to the west and an
archway opens to the south.  A trail of tiny paw prints leads
from the door to under a cauldron near the east wall.

You are in an east/west hallway.  There is a door in the north
wall.

You are at the south end of a small room, near a door.  The
floor in the rest of the room has collapsed.  You can see the
top of a set of stairs near the ceiling, but they are
unreachable.  From below, there is a strong smell of freshly dug
earth.

You are in an east/west hallway.  There is an archway to the
south.

You are in the entryway to the manor.  To the south is the main
door, which appears to be stuck, and to the north is an archway.
There is a walk-in closet to the east and a round mirror hangs
above a shoe rack to the west.  Your reflection in the mirror
has smooth skin where its eyes should be.

You are in an east/west hallway.  There is a doorway on the
north wall.

You are in the library, a small room with a door on the south
wall.  Scattered and torn books lie everywhere, especially near
a man-sized hole smashed through the east wall.  The ceiling of
this room is covered in pictures of eyes.  Most are crudely
painted, but some seem almost real.

You are in a north/south hallway.  There is a man-sized hole in
the west wall.

You are in a T-junction in the hallway.  Branches lead north,
east, and south.

You are at a corner in a hallway, which continues south and west
from here.  There is also a scratched and splintered door on the
north wall, but it has been nailed shut.

You are at the east end of the hallway.  From here a door opens
east.  You can hear the wind whistling beyond the door.

You are in the northwest corner of the garden.  A door leads
into the manor to the east.  To the north are bushes wrapped in
spider webs.  This part of the garden is overgrown with bleeding
hearts and African blood lilies.

You are in the southwest corner of the garden, to the east of
the manor.  There are thick trees to the south.  The low plants
growing here have orange berries, each enclosed in a skeletal
white cage.

You are in the southeast corner of the garden, where ghost
peppers grow.  To the east is a clump of intergrown bushes with
grey, zig-zagging branches.  There are leaves farther into the
bushes, but none on the outside.  A forest path leads south.

You are in the northeast corner of the garden.  There is an open
area to the north, and a shed to the east.  There are strange
plants growing here with black, bat-shaped flowers and long,
dangling whiskers.

You are in an old shed built from whorled and twisted wood.  The
only way out is a door to the west.

You are at the south end of a patch of cracked, dry earth.
Nothing grows here, but you can see a garden to the south.
There are bushes wrapped in spider webs to the west and dark
purple plants covered in long thorns to the east.

You are at the north end of a patch of cracked, dry earth.  To
the north is a wrought iron fence.  There are low weeds growing
to the west and purple, thorn-covered plants blocking the way
east.

You are to the east of the manor, just south of a wrought iron
fence.  To the south are bushes wrapped in spider webs.  There
is a large, smashed window in the wall to the west, and an open
area to the east.

You are at a bend in a forest path, which extends north and east
from here.  A number of low plants with red stems and berries
that look like eyes grow around you.

You are at a bend in a forest path.  From here, the path runs
south along a wrought iron fence and west into the trees.  There
is a red, octopus-like fungus growing here, and the smell of
rotting flesh hangs in the air.

You are on a forest path that runs north/south along the west
side of a wrought iron fence.  Long, white moss hangs down from
the trees.

You are at the south end of a forest path, on the north shore of
a small pond.  There is a wrought iron fence to the east and
forest to the west.

Suddenly, a slippery board moves beneath you and you lose your
balance and tumble into the water below.  You are trying to
climb back up onto the island when a wave smashes your head
against a rock and everything goes black.
Better luck next game.

You turn the doorknob and the door slams open, knocking you to
the ground.  Rocks of all sizes fall inwards, half-burying you.
You are trying to dig yourself out when you see glowing red
eyes peering out from under the cauldren to the east.  Then
hundreds of hungry rats descend on you.
Better luck next game.

The door is locked, but still sturdy.  You have no way past.

You unlock the door with your iron key.

The door to the shed is covered in sticky spider webs and you
can't get them off.

You use your dagger to cut the spider webs on the shed.

========================

43: Chinese lantern (Physalis alkekengi)
44: Wire netting bush (Corokia cotoneaster)
45: Black batflower (Tacca chantrieri)
47/48: Purple devil (Solanum atropurpureum)
50: Doll's eyes (Actaea pachypoda)
51: Octopus stinkhorn (Clathrus archeri)
52: Spanish moss (Tillandsia usneoides)

